This Free Online Course Covers The Importance And Uses Of Data In Making Business Driven Decisions In Today's Industries
## MODULE 1 Introduction To Data Analytics And Python Fundamentals
In this module, you will learn about fundamentals of data and the importance of data analytics in business. You will also learn about the python installation process and the measure of central tendency.
- Introduction To Data Analytics And Python Fundamentals - Learning Outcomes
- Introduction To Data Analytics
### Fundamentals Of Python
installation python  
www.anaconda.com jupiter notebook  
### Central Tendency And Dispersion
### Introduction To Data Analytics And Python Fundamentals - Lesson Summary
## MODULE 2 Introduction To Probability
##### In this module, you will learn about the different ways of assigning probability including marginal and conditional probability. You will also learn about the properties of probability distribution.  
### Introduction To Probability - Learning Outcomes  
### Introduction To Probability  
### Probability Distribution  
### Introduction To Probability - Lesson Summary  
## MODULE 3 Sampling And Sampling DistributionNot Started
### In this problem, you will about how problems are solved using probability distribution. You will also learn about the types of sampling, the differences between inferential and descriptive statistics.
### Sampling And Sampling Distribution - Learning Outcomes
### Python Demo For Distributions
### Sampling And Sampling Distribution
### Distribution Of Sample Means, Population And Variance
### Confidence Interval Estimation
### Sampling And Sampling Distribution - Lesson Summary
## MODULE 4 Hypothesis TestingNot Started
### In this module, you will learn how to develop the different types of hypothesis. You will also learn about the errors encountered during hypothesis testing.
### Hypothesis Testing - Learning Outcomes
### Hypothesis Testing
### Errors In Hypothesis Testing
### Hypothesis Testing - Lesson Summary
## MODULE 5 Two Sample TestingNot Started
### In this module, you will learn about the two sample tests and how to conduct hypothesis tests for population means. You will also learn about analysis of variance and its use with data analytics.
### Two Sample Testing - Learning Outcomes
### Two Sample Testing
### ANOVA
### Post Hoc Analysis - Tukey's Test
### Two Sample Testing - Lesson Summary
## MODULE 6 Diploma In Data Analytics With Python - First Assessment
## MODULE 7 Linear RegressionNot Started
### In this topic, you will learn about how to design and conduct experiments involving randomized complete block designs. You will also learn about how to design and conduct engineering experiments involving several factors using the factorial design approach.
### Linear Regression - Learning Outcomes
### Randomized Block Design
### Two Way ANOVA
### Linear Regression
### Linear Regression - Lesson Summary
## MODULE 8 Regression Model AnalysisNot Started
### In this module, you will learn about point and interval estimation alongside its use in the prediction of the regression model. You will also learn about the multiple regression model and the least square methods.
### Regression Model Analysis - Learning Outcomes
### Estimation And Prediction Of Regression Model Residual Analysis
### Multiple Regression Model
### Categorical Variable Regression
### Regression Model Analysis - Lesson Summary
## MODULE 9 Maximum Estimations And RegressionNot Started
### In this module, you will be introduced to the intuition and reasoning behind the principle of maximum likelihood. You will learn about how to build the logistic regression model and the logistic regression equation.
### Maximum Estimations And Regression - Learning Outcomes
### Maximum Likelihood Estimations
### Logisitic Regression
### Relationship Between Linear And Logistic Regression Model
### Maximum Estimations And Regression - Lesson Summary
## MODULE 10 Regression AnalysisNot Started
### In this module, you will learn how to how to check the performance of a logistic regression model. You will also learn about the relationship between sensitivity and specificity.
### Regression Analysis - Learning Outcomes
### Confusion Matrix And Receiver Operating Characteristics
### Performance Of Logistics Model
### Regression Analysis Model Building
### Regression Analysis - Lesson Summary
## MODULE 11 Chi Square TestNot Started
### In this module, you will learn about application and uses of the chi square test. You will also learn how python can be used for goodness of fit for uniform distribution or normal distribution.
### Cluster Analysis
### Chi Square Test - Learning Outcomes
### Chi Square Test Of Independence
### Chi Square Goodness Of Fit Test
### Chi Square Test - Lesson Summary
## MODULE 12 Diploma In Data Analytics With Python - Second Assessment
